Project distribution.  
-> ./include : all headers for main project.   
-> ./src : source for main project.   
-> ./lib : contains the lib liborderBook.a which can be included to utilize the interfaces offered by orderBook.   
-> ./bin : empty.   
-> ./test/src : source for testing orderBook interfaces.   
-> ./test/include : empty.   
-> ./test/bin/tester : test executable produced after making the project.   

How to make the project.    
-> cd ./src/    
-> make        
this will produce liborderBook.a in ./lib/      
-> cd ./test/src/   
-> make    
this will produce tester in ./test/bin/   

How to test   
-> execute ./test/bin/tester lotSize basePrice   
        where lotSize is minimum lot size of a given order .    
              basePrice is used to decide sequential_quote_price for execution during book imbalance and is continuously update on ever execution.   
-> this is a command line tool which allows users to add/cancel/load/print order book . (type help for examples).    
-> after adding a order/cancel to order book , order book will be sending corresponding messages back to console . Example after adding order to order book.   
   orderBook will send order ack or order reject back to console to inform user status of order.If execution event is generated , user will be notified on console.   
-> orderBook snap shot can be printed using "print" command on command console at any time.   
-> detailed view of orderbook can be printed using "printd" command which displays all limits in book along with each order at a given limit.   
-> orders are executed in limit priority followed by arival time priority . Market orders have higher priotity than limit orders and orders are Market limit are executed in arival time priority.   

OrderBook Complexity.   
Add new Order to Book : First Order at a give limit = Log(N) , subsequent orders at same limit O(1) . Where N is number of levels in order book at side of addition   
Cancel a order : O(1)  
generate execution : O(1)   
get best bid : O(1)  
get best ask : O(1)   
get total order at a given limit : O(1)   

OrderBook API.   
Order Book provides following public interfaces.    
  void onNewOrder(OrderType type, OrderSide side, double limit_price, uint64_t order_qty, Client *client, uint64_t cl_order_id);    
        Most parameters are self explainatory .    
        Client is an abstract class with following pure virtual function.    
        virtual void receiveMessage(const Message& msg) const = 0;    
        Order book uses this variable to call back and send response back to client.    

  void onCancel(uint64_t order_id, Client *client);    
       tries to cancel a given order . order_id is exchange_order_id generated by order_book in new order ack. can be found using "printd" command.   
  void printOrderBook();    
      prints snapshot of orderbook.    
  void printDetailedBook();    
     prints detailed view of orderbook.   
  double get_bestBid();    
     return best bid (level 1).   
  double get_bestAsk();    
     return best ask (level 1).    

  
